Trollop FAQ
-----------

Q: Why is it called "Trollop"?
A: No good reason. Something something option parsing.

Q: Why should I use Trollop?
A: Because it will take you fewer lines of code to parse commandline arguments
   than anything else out there.

   Like this:
     opts = Trollop::options do
       opt :monkey, "Use monkey mode"
       opt :goat, "Use goat mode", :default => true
       opt :num_limbs, "Set number of limbs", :default => 4
     end

   That's it. 'opts' will be a hash and you can do whatever you want with it.
   You don't have to mix processing code with the declarations. You don't have
   to make a class for every option (what is this, Java?). You don't have to
   write more than 1 line of code per option.

   Plus, you get a beautiful help screen that detects your terminal width and
   wraps appropriately.

Q: What is the philosophy behind Trollop?
A: Trollop does the parsing and gives you a hash table of options. You then
   write whatever fancy constraint logic you need as regular Ruby code operating
   on that hash table.

   (Trollop does support limited constraints (see #conflicts and #depends), but
   any non-trivial program will probably need to get fancier.)

   Then if you need to abort and tell the user to fix their command line at any
   point, you can call #die and Trollop will do that for you in a pretty way.

Q: What happens to the other stuff on the commandline?
A: Anything Trollop doesn't recognize as an option or as an option parameter is
   left in ARGV for you to process.

Q: Does Trollop support multiple-value arguments?
A: Yes. If you set the :type of an option to something plural, like ":ints",
   ":strings", ":doubles", ":floats", ":ios", it will accept multiple arguments
   on the commandline, and the value will be an array of the parameters.

Q: Does Trollop support arguments that can be given multiple times?
A: Yes. If you set :multi to true, then the argument can appear multiple times
   on the commandline, and the value will be an array of the parameters.

Q: Does Trollop support subcommands?
A: Yes: you can direct Trollop to stop processing when it encounters certain
   tokens. Then you can re-call Trollop with the subcommand-specific
   configuration to process the rest of the commandline.

   See the third example on the webpage.

   (And if you don't know the subcommands ahead of time, you can call
   #stop_on_unknown, which will cause Trollop to stop when it encounters any
   unknown token. This might be more trouble than its worth if you're also
   passing filenames on the commandline.)

Q: Why does Trollop disallow numeric short argument names, like '-1' and '-9'?
A: Because it's ambiguous whether these are arguments or negative integer or
   floating-point parameters to arguments. E.g., is "-f -3" a negative floating
   point parameter to -f, or two separate arguments?
